#!/usr/bin/env bash
sudo ifconfig gif0 down
sudo ifconfig stf0 down
sudo ifconfig XHC0 down
sudo ifconfig XHC1 down
sudo ifconfig anpi0 down
sudo ifconfig anpi1 down
sudo ifconfig en3 down
sudo ifconfig en4 down
sudo ifconfig en1 down
sudo ifconfig en2 down
sudo ifconfig bridge0 down
sudo ifconfig ap1 down
sudo ifconfig awdl0 down
sudo ifconfig llw0 down
sudo ifconfig utun0 down
sudo ifconfig utun1 down
sudo ifconfig utun2 down
sudo ifconfig utun3 down
sudo ifconfig utun4 down
sudo ifconfig utun5 down
sudo ifconfig utun6 down
sudo ifconfig utun7 down
sudo ifconfig utun8 down


